Doin' 15 in a 30, I ain't in no hurry.
I'ma take it slow just as fast as I can.
The way she fit in them blue jeans, she don't need no belt.
But I can turn them inside out, I don't need no help.
Got hips like honey, so thick and so sweet.
It ain't no curves like hers on them downtown streets.
Body like a back road, drivin' with my eyes closed.
I know every curve like the back of my hand.

Mmm, so here goes nothin'.
In case you didn't know.
Baby I'm crazy 'bout ya.
And I would be lyin' if I said.
That I could live this life without ya.
Even though I don't tell you all the time.
You had my heart a long long time ago.
In case you didn't know.

I got my toes in the water, ass in the sand.
Not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand.
Life is good today, life is good today.

I dug my key into the side.
Of his pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive.
Carved my name into his leather seats.
I took a Louisville slugger to both head lights.
I slashed a hole in all four tires.
Maybe next time he'll think before he cheats.

Hey, hey, good lookin',.
Whatcha got cookin'?.
How's about cookin' somethin' up with me?.
Hey, sweet baby,.
Don't you think maybe.
We could find us a brand new recipe?.

Baby lock the door and turn the lights down low.
Put some music on that's soft and slow.
Baby we ain't got no place to go.
I hope you understand.
I've been thinking 'bout this all day long.
Never felt a feeling quite this strong.
I can't believe how much it turns me on.
Just to be your man.

You know I like my chicken fried.
Cold beer on a Friday night.
A pair of jeans that fit just right and the radio up.
Well I was raised up beneath the shade of a Georgia pine.
And that's home you know.
Sweet tea pecan pie and homemade wine.
Where the peaches grow and my house it's not much to talk about.
But it's filled with love that's grown in southern ground.
And a little bit of chicken fried.
Cold beer on a Friday night.
A pair of jeans that fit just right and the radio up.
Well I've seen the sunrise.
See the love in my woman's eyes.
Feel the touch of a precious child.
And know a mother's love.

I am a man of constant sorrow.
I've seen trouble all my day.
I bid farewell to old Kentucky.
The place where I was born and raised.
The place where he was born and raised.
For six long years I've been in trouble.
No pleasures here on earth I found.
For in this world I'm bound to ramble.
I have no friends to help me now.
He has no friends to help him now.
I'll meet you on God's golden shore.
He'll meet you on God's golden shore.

Hello darlin' nice to see you it's been a long time. 
You're just as lovely as you used to be. 
How's your new love are you happy?. 
Hope you're doin' fine just to know means so much to me. 
What's that darlin' How am I doin'?. 
I'm doin' alright except I can't sleep. 
I cry all night 'til dawn what I'm tryin' to say is. 
I love you and I miss you and I'm so sorry. 

Baby, write this down, take a little note to remind you in case you didn't know.
Tell yourself I love you and I don't want you to go, write this down.
Take my words, read 'em every day, keep 'em close by, don't you let 'em fade away.
So you'll remember what I forgot to say, write this down.

Here's your one chance Fancy don't let me down. 
Here's your one chance Fancy don't let me down. 

We were Jesus save me, blue jean baby born in the USA.
Trailer park truck stop, faded little map dots New York to LA.
We were teenage dreamin’, front seat leanin’ Baby, come give me a kiss.
Put me on the cover of the Rolling Stone uptown down home American kids.
Growin’ up in little pink houses makin’ out on living room couches.
Blowin’ that smoke on Saturday night.
A little messed up, but we’re all alright.

Baby you a song.
You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise.
Down a back road blowin’ stop signs through the middle.
Every little farm town with you.
In this brand new Chevy with a lift kit.
It’d look a hell lot better with you up in it.
So baby you a song.
You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise.


I said, cowboy take me away.
Fly this girl as high as you can into the wild blue.
Set me free, oh, I pray.
Closer to heaven above and closer to you.
Closer to you.

Red solo cup I fill you up.
Let's have a party let's have a party.
I love you red solo cup I lift you up.
Proceed to party proceed to party.

I've been sober 'cause there ain't no hangover like you girl, no, no, no.
Baby can you come over.
I always find those words at the bottom of a hundred proof, yeah.
Girl, every time you do .
I just end up, head all messed up like the sheets where we made love.
I've been sober since you broke my heart in two.
'Cause drunk me can't get over you there ain't no hangover like you.
Can't get over, can't get over there ain't no hangover like you.
Oh, no, no, no.


She got the best of me.
She broke my heart.
Now all that's left of me.
Is beating in this guitar.
Every night, a different town.
She follows me around.
So you get what's left of me.
Yeah, you get what's left of me.
'Cause she got the best of me.

Seen my share of broken halos.
Folded wings that used to fly.
They've all gone wherever they go.
Broken halos that used to shine.
Broken halos that used to shine.

Even if I knew you'd be the one that got away.
I'd still go back and get you.
Even if I knew you'd be my best and worst mistake.
Oh, I'd still make it with you.
Over and over, again and again.
Even though we break up in the end.
